README.md, before:

## Usage
1. Download the latest release from https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/releases
2. Extract `rbxfpsunlocker-x64.zip` or `rbxfpsunlocker-x86.zip` into a folder
3. Run `rbxfpsunlocker.exe` before or after starting Roblox
4. Enjoy those [beautiful frames](https://i.imgur.com/vsLf04O.png) 👌

## FAQ

1. **Some files are being deleted and/or my anti-virus is detecting rbxfpsunlocker as malware. What do I do?**

Any detections are most likely a false positive. If you don't trust me, feel free to download the repository and compile the project from source. Otherwise, add an exception to your anti-virus for `rbxfpsunlocker.exe` (or the folder it is in).

2. **How can I see my FPS?**

Press `Shift+F5` in-game to view your FPS. In Roblox Studio, go to View->Stats->Summary.

3. **I used this unlocker and my framerate is the same or below 60. Why?**

I say with great emphasis, as this seems to be a common misconception, that Roblox FPS Unlocker is an FPS _unlocker_ and not a _booster_. It will not boost Roblox's performance in any way and only removes Roblox's 60 FPS limit. To take advantage of RFU, a computer powerful enough to run Roblox at more than 60 FPS is required.

This being said, if you know your computer is powerful enough but still aren't seeing higher framerates with the unlocker, feel free to [submit an issue](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/#submitting-an-issue).

4. **Can I set a custom framerate cap?**

Custom framerate limits can be set by changing the `FPSCap` value inside the `settings` file located in the same folder as `rbxfpsunlocker.exe` and reloading settings (RFU->Load Settings). Changing the cap with RFU's menu will reset/overwrite this value.

5. **Does this work for Mac?**

No. Roblox FPS Unlocker was written only for the Windows platform and I [currently have no plans to change this](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/issues/49). However, those more experienced and with Mac hardware are free to port this project to Mac!

6. **Why do I get a "Failed to connect to Github" error?**

This error means Roblox FPS Unlocker could not connect to the Internet to check for updates. This may be due to your anti-virus, computer firewall, network firewall, or etc. blocking the request. The error can be safely ignored by pressing "Ok".

7. **How do I uninstall Roblox FPS Unlocker?**

RFU does not install itself anywhere. It can be deleted by simply exiting the program if it is open (tray icon->Exit) and deleting `rbxfpsunlocker.exe`.

## Submitting an Issue

Before [submitting an issue](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/issues/new), please:
- Make sure your question or problem cannot be answered in the FAQ above
- Be as informative as possible: issues with ambiguous titles and missing/low-quality descriptions will be deleted
- Include a copy of RFU's console (tray icon->Toggle Console). You can censor any personal information (file paths and so on)
- Include steps on how to reproduce the issue, if possible
- Include on what platform(s) the issue occurs (normal client, Windows 10 Roblox app, Roblox Studio)
- If relevant, include system specifications (e.g. GPU model) and monitor refresh rates

Issues submitted not attempting to follow these guidelines will be closed or deleted.

##  Disclaimer

Around June 21st, 2018 I received reports that Roblox was [handing out bans](https://i.imgur.com/i4NEGB0.png) to players using this tool. Roblox most likely assumes that `rbxfpsunlocker.dll` is an exploit or a cheat. I fixed this issue in [release 1.6](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/releases/tag/v1.6) and can confirm injecting rbxfpsunlocker is now "invisible" to Roblox. **HOWEVER, this won't stop Roblox from releasing a new detection in the future. Please use this tool at your own risk** and keep in touch with this repository for updates.

<sub>roblox this isn't an exploit no bans please :(</sub>

**EDIT:** [Version 4.0](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/releases/tag/v4.0) of Roblox FPS Unlocker further reduces the risk of bans or warns (one could argue the chances are now 0) as DLL injection is no longer used. See the changelog for more information.

**EDIT (August 11, 2019):** At the engineering panel on day 1 of RDC 2019, Adam Miller, VP of Engineering & Technology at Roblox, made a personal guarantee that anyone using Roblox FPS Unlocker will not be banned from Roblox. This was in response to the question "Why does Roblox have a FPS cap and why is it against the rules to change that cap?" to which [Arseny Kapoulkine (zeuxcg)](https://twitter.com/zeuxcg) also revealed that Roblox will be adding support for "higher refresh rate monitors" potentially by next year. [See the video here!](https://youtu.be/5gNzFsJlFbo?t=143)

Commit message:

Updated "Submitting an Issue"
Brought to top of page, Added "Please read previous issues" and "Make sure you submit a ..."

README.md, after:

## Usage
1. Download the latest release from https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/releases
2. Extract `rbxfpsunlocker-x64.zip` or `rbxfpsunlocker-x86.zip` into a folder
3. Run `rbxfpsunlocker.exe` before or after starting Roblox
4. Enjoy those [beautiful frames](https://i.imgur.com/vsLf04O.png) 👌

## Submitting an Issue

Before [submitting an issue](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/issues/new), please:
- Make sure you submit an issue or suggestion
- Make sure your question or problem cannot be answered in the FAQ below
- Please read previous issues to make sure your question was not asked before
- Be as informative as possible: issues with ambiguous titles and missing/low-quality descriptions will be deleted
- Include a copy of RFU's console (tray icon->Toggle Console). You can censor any personal information (file paths and so on)
- Include steps on how to reproduce the issue, if possible
- Include on what platform(s) the issue occurs (normal client, Windows 10 Roblox app, Roblox Studio)
- If relevant, include system specifications (e.g. GPU model) and monitor refresh rates

Issues submitted not attempting to follow these guidelines will be closed or deleted.

## FAQ

1. **Some files are being deleted and/or my anti-virus is detecting rbxfpsunlocker as malware. What do I do?**

Any detections are most likely a false positive. If you don't trust me, feel free to download the repository and compile the project from source. Otherwise, add an exception to your anti-virus for `rbxfpsunlocker.exe` (or the folder it is in).

2. **How can I see my FPS?**

Press `Shift+F5` in-game to view your FPS. In Roblox Studio, go to View->Stats->Summary.

3. **I used this unlocker and my framerate is the same or below 60. Why?**

I say with great emphasis, as this seems to be a common misconception, that Roblox FPS Unlocker is an FPS _unlocker_ and not a _booster_. It will not boost Roblox's performance in any way and only removes Roblox's 60 FPS limit. To take advantage of RFU, a computer powerful enough to run Roblox at more than 60 FPS is required.

This being said, if you know your computer is powerful enough but still aren't seeing higher framerates with the unlocker, feel free to [submit an issue](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/#submitting-an-issue).

4. **Can I set a custom framerate cap?**

Custom framerate limits can be set by changing the `FPSCap` value inside the `settings` file located in the same folder as `rbxfpsunlocker.exe` and reloading settings (RFU->Load Settings). Changing the cap with RFU's menu will reset/overwrite this value.

5. **Does this work for Mac?**

No. Roblox FPS Unlocker was written only for the Windows platform and I [currently have no plans to change this](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/issues/49). However, those more experienced and with Mac hardware are free to port this project to Mac!

6. **Why do I get a "Failed to connect to Github" error?**

This error means Roblox FPS Unlocker could not connect to the Internet to check for updates. This may be due to your anti-virus, computer firewall, network firewall, or etc. blocking the request. The error can be safely ignored by pressing "Ok".

7. **How do I uninstall Roblox FPS Unlocker?**

RFU does not install itself anywhere. It can be deleted by simply exiting the program if it is open (tray icon->Exit) and deleting `rbxfpsunlocker.exe`.

##  Disclaimer

Around June 21st, 2018 I received reports that Roblox was [handing out bans](https://i.imgur.com/i4NEGB0.png) to players using this tool. Roblox most likely assumes that `rbxfpsunlocker.dll` is an exploit or a cheat. I fixed this issue in [release 1.6](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/releases/tag/v1.6) and can confirm injecting rbxfpsunlocker is now "invisible" to Roblox. **HOWEVER, this won't stop Roblox from releasing a new detection in the future. Please use this tool at your own risk** and keep in touch with this repository for updates.

<sub>roblox this isn't an exploit no bans please :(</sub>

**EDIT:** [Version 4.0](https://github.com/axstin/rbxfpsunlocker/releases/tag/v4.0) of Roblox FPS Unlocker further reduces the risk of bans or warns (one could argue the chances are now 0) as DLL injection is no longer used. See the changelog for more information.

**EDIT (August 11, 2019):** At the engineering panel on day 1 of RDC 2019, Adam Miller, VP of Engineering & Technology at Roblox, made a personal guarantee that anyone using Roblox FPS Unlocker will not be banned from Roblox. This was in response to the question "Why does Roblox have a FPS cap and why is it against the rules to change that cap?" to which [Arseny Kapoulkine (zeuxcg)](https://twitter.com/zeuxcg) also revealed that Roblox will be adding support for "higher refresh rate monitors" potentially by next year. [See the video here!](https://youtu.be/5gNzFsJlFbo?t=143)
